README.md, before:

# Server

A C-based server application.

## Building

To build the project, run:

```bash
make
```

This will compile the source code and generate the executable.

To clean build artifacts:

```bash
make clean
```

## Running

After building, run the server with:

```bash
./server.exe
```

## Files

- `server.c` - Main server source code
- `Makefile` - Build configuration

## Requirements

**MSYS2**

- Download from [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org/)
- Run the installer and follow the setup instructions
- In the MSYS2 terminal, install the toolchain:
  ```bash
  pacman -S mingw-w64-x86_64-gcc mingw-w64-x86_64-make
  ```

**Verify Installation**

Open a command prompt or MSYS2 terminal and run:

```bash
gcc --version
make --version
```

## Recommended VS Code Extensions

For C development, consider installing these extensions:

- **C/C++** (ms-vscode.cpptools) - IntelliSense, debugging, and code browsing for C/C++
- **Makefile Tools** (ms-vscode.makefile-tools) - Intellisense and build support for Makefiles

Commit message:

Refactor project structure, enforce LF line endings, and update documentation
- Move source files to src/ and headers to include/
- Add .clang-format for consistent code style
- Update .gitattributes to enforce LF line endings globally
- Remove legacy files and VS Code tasks
- Add and update Doxygen config and generated docs
- Update Makefile and README for new structure
- Add public/ assets for static file serving

README.md, after:

# Server

A C-based server application.

## Building

To build the project, run:

```bash
make
```

This will compile the source code and generate the executable.

To clean build artifacts:

```bash
make clean
```

## Running

After building, run the server with:

```bash
./server.exe
```

- Open http://localhost:8080/ to load the demo UI.
- The server serves static files from `public/` and upgrades WebSocket requests on `/ws`.
- The demo client in `public/app.js` connects to `ws://localhost:8080/ws` and echoes messages.

## Features

- Minimal HTTP static file server (HTML, JS, CSS)
- RFC 6455 WebSocket handshake with basic text and ping/pong support
- Per-connection worker threads to avoid blocking on persistent sockets

## Documentation

This project includes Doxygen annotations. The generated HTML docs use `README.md` as the main page.

Generate docs from the terminal:

```bash
make docs
```

Open the documentation at:

- [docs/html/index.html](docs/html/index.html)

## Requirements

**MSYS2**

- Download from [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org/)
- Run the installer and follow the setup instructions
- In the MSYS2 terminal, install the toolchain:
  ```bash
  pacman -S mingw-w64-x86_64-gcc mingw-w64-x86_64-make
  ```

**Verify Installation**

Open a command prompt or MSYS2 terminal and run:

```bash
gcc --version
make --version
```

## Recommended VS Code Extensions

For C development, consider installing these extensions:

- **C/C++** (ms-vscode.cpptools) - IntelliSense, debugging, and code browsing for C/C++
- **Makefile Tools** (ms-vscode.makefile-tools) - Intellisense and build support for Makefiles
